Caption: guess who's speaking at diddy deeper is
Caption: us
Caption: cool
Caption: that is good news as we're here yeah um
Caption: we want to thank our amazing sponsors
Caption: especially microsoft yes and i mean just
Caption: kidding all of the sponsors we want to
Caption: thank but especially microsoft yes
Caption: we acknowledge the traditional
Caption: custodians of the land the logic people
Caption: of the ningar nation
Caption: as machine learning become increasingly
Caption: integral to decisions that affect health
Caption: safety economic well-being and other
Caption: aspects of our lives it's important for
Caption: us to be able to understand how model
Caption: makes predictions and be able to explain
Caption: the
Caption: decisions based on those machine
Caption: learnings decisions
Caption: so this is not an advanced session it's
Caption: for anyone interested in exploring how
Caption: we use data science and make predictions
Caption: and explore what questions we can ask to
Caption: validate how fair the machine learning
Caption: model was in making those decisions
Caption: we're going to explain the difference
Caption: between global and local features
Caption: importance we'll use an explainer to
Caption: interpret a model and then we will
Caption: visualize model explanations
Caption: so there's a couple of things i always
Caption: loop back to in developer conference
Caption: talks quantum physics and the meaning of
Caption: life
Caption: and no need to worry i am going to talk
Caption: about both today
Caption: because it occurred to me as i was
Caption: rewriting this session for the 42nd time
Caption: that if there was ever a tool to uncover
Caption: the meaning of life machine learning
Caption: would be it humanity would use data
Caption: science to take a peek into the
Caption: inexplicable mysteries of the universe
Caption: and find meaning in the unknown
Caption: algorithms that govern the world that we
Caption: live in
Caption: in fact i'm not the first one to think
Caption: of this so douglas adams in his epic the
Caption: hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy wrote
Caption: about a supercomputer designed to answer
Caption: the ultimate question
Caption: problem was
Caption: it told them it would take 7.5 million
Caption: years to calculate the answer
Caption: so i guess they did not have scalable
Caption: cloud computing at very affordable
Caption: prices back in the day no
Caption: so
Caption: when the machine finally spat out the
Caption: answer the programmers were pretty
Caption: annoyed because it made no sense without
Caption: the context of the question
Caption: so they asked it for that
Caption: and it said it could not explain why the
Caption: answer was 42 and it built another
Caption: computer to calculate the question and
Caption: said it would be 10 million years before
Caption: it came back with the questions
Caption: so the original machine learning model
Caption: was a black box and then it built an
Caption: explainer model to try and calculate the
Caption: reasons why the answer was 42. in this
Caption: case the explainer model was probably a
Caption: pfi explainer model
Caption: and it built a mimic and then tried all
Caption: the permutations of different questions
Caption: to see which ones fit
Caption: and this is where it gets super meta
Caption: so when i started writing this session i
Caption: was thinking about human how humans are
Caption: the ultimate black box
Caption: we think they have reasons for doing
Caption: what they do and if we ask them they can
Caption: even explain them to you but are they
Caption: true are they correct do they follow a
Caption: logic based rule set and do they spit
Caption: out a consistent answer every time
Caption: or do they have a little bit of chaos
Caption: thrown in
Caption: is there randomness in the pattern that
Caption: makes us unpredictable
Caption: humans have a mental model of their
Caption: environment that is updated when
Caption: something unexpected happens this update
Caption: is performed by finding an explanation
Caption: for the unexpected event
Caption: for example
Caption: michelle
Caption: feel unexpectedly sick and
Caption: ask me why do you feel so sick she
Caption: learns that she gets sick every time
Caption: when she eats noodle from that place
Caption: around the corner she updates her mental
Caption: model and decides that that noodle place
Caption: caused sickness and therefore should be
Caption: avoided but those noodles are delicious
Caption: well michelle
Caption: if you're going to get sick you keep
Caption: getting sick
Caption: if you keep going back
Caption: maybe not next time possibly
Caption: so
Caption: when black box machine learning models
Caption: are used in research scientific findings
Caption: remain completely hidden if the model
Caption: only give
Caption: predictions without explanation
Caption: but as machine learning become very
Caption: important to our lives as i've mentioned
Caption: earlier
Caption: it's really important for us to be able
Caption: to understand
Caption: what's how moto makes predictions and be
Caption: able to explain the rationales behind
Caption: those decisions
Caption: so machine learning is a paradigm shift
Caption: between normal programming where all the
Caption: instructions were explicitly given to
Caption: the computer and indirect programming
Caption: that takes place by providing data
Caption: so when i was in university i did
Caption: philosophy and we learned about
Caption: schrodinger's cat did you know about
Caption: children's cat now i know
Caption: 42 times so
Caption: the idea is that you have a closed box
Caption: with a cat inside and there is no way to
Caption: know whether the cat is dead or alive
Caption: quantum physics tells us that there is a
Caption: third state that the cat is both dead
Caption: and alive until the box is opened and
Caption: then it actualizes into one of those two
Caption: initial states but we aren't going to
Caption: get quantum here because i definitely do
Caption: not have enough credit on my azure
Caption: subscription for that
Caption: i can borrow you some
Caption: no it i have to say i can lend you some
Caption: yes i'm still learning english you see
Caption: so
Caption: let's treat this as binary
Caption: classification the cat is either dead or
Caption: the cat is alive
Caption: and we could feed all the data that we
Caption: have into a machine learning model to
Caption: try and figure out which
Caption: so is the box airtight is the cat
Caption: anxious by nature
Caption: is there anything in the box with the
Caption: cat poison something sharp a dog
Caption: um
Caption: how long has the cat been in the box how
Caption: big is the cat how old is the cat is the
Caption: cat sick
Caption: um and all of this data is what we call
Caption: features or rather all of these data
Caption: categories are what we call features
Caption: and if we had a couple of hundred boxes
Caption: all with cats in them
Caption: we would have a reasonable sample size
Caption: to predict whether for one specific box
Caption: the cat will be dead or alive
Caption: now of course you are thinking that if
Caption: we had all of those details about a
Caption: specific box in front of us then we
Caption: could make a better prediction ourselves
Caption: i mean dead it would obviously be dead
Caption: but despite our original plan involving
Caption: procuring hundreds of cats and hundreds
Caption: of boxes i told you that wouldn't work
Caption: yeah because budgets are always low in
Caption: q1 that's that's not even the reason the
Caption: storage space possibly
Caption: my point is
Caption: i suppose my point is supposed to be um
Caption: data science isn't about small amounts
Caption: of data it's about taking lots of data
Caption: lots and lots of data and making useful
Caption: predictions or judgments from it
Caption: the bigger the sample size the better
Caption: the data
Caption: probably
Caption: so during covet 19 there was a lot of
Caption: data more than 600 petaflops of data and
Caption: the fake new medias like to spread the
Caption: rumor that vaccines could not possibly
Caption: have been tested to the same level as
Caption: medicine were in the past
Caption: the truth is they are tested in so many
Caption: more iterations and variations today
Caption: than could ever be possible in the past
Caption: in the past we were limited by computer
Caption: hardware
Caption: covet 19 high performance computing
Caption: consortium brings together the federal
Caption: government industry and academic leaders
Caption: to provide access to the world's most
Caption: powerful high-performance computing
Caption: resources in support of covid19 research
Caption: how could vaccine not possibly be tested
Caption: to the same level
Caption: moreover duke university tested designs
Caption: for multi-splitting devices for
Caption: ventilators using over 500 000 compute
Caption: hours
Caption: over one weekend
Caption: in the past that would have
Caption: taken years to validate that data
Caption: just for a trial
Caption: but by default machine learnings pick up
Caption: biases from the training data just the
Caption: same as we do
Caption: this can turn your machine learning
Caption: models into racists that discriminate
Caption: against underrepresented group of people
Caption: interpretability interpretability
Caption: therefore is a useful debugging tool for
Caption: detecting its biases in machine learning
Caption: models
Caption: it might happen that the machine
Caption: learning model you have trained for
Caption: automatic approval or rejections of
Caption: created applications discriminates
Caption: against a minority group of people that
Caption: has been
Caption: previously
Caption: disenfranchised
Caption: your main goal here is trying to grant
Caption: loan
Caption: only to the people that
Caption: you they will eventually repay them the
Caption: loan but the incompleteness of the
Caption: problem formulation in this case like
Caption: the fact that you not only want to
Caption: you're not only wanting to minimize loan
Caption: default but also obliged not to
Caption: discriminate on the basis of certain
Caption: demographics
Caption: so basically you want to grant loans
Caption: only to people who do not need loans
Caption: because they already have the money to
Caption: pay back the loans are you the rich
Caption: people but you aren't allowed to
Caption: discriminate against people
Caption: that traditionally do not have much
Caption: money i.e the poor people
Caption: yeah
Caption: so
Caption: data can be manipulated to support any
Caption: conclusion and such manipulation can
Caption: sometimes happen unintentionally
Caption: as humans we all have bias
Caption: and it's often
Caption: difficult to consciously know when we
Caption: are introducing bias into the data set
Caption: guaranteeing fairness and ai and machine
Caption: learning remains a complex social
Caption: technical challenge
Caption: meaning that we can't only look at
Caption: either
Caption: social or technical perspective
Caption: but what do we mean by unfairness
Caption: well unfairness and comforters
Caption: encompasses
Caption: negative impacts or harms so for a group
Caption: of people such as
Caption: those defined in terms of race gender
Caption: age disability status
Caption: or something else
Caption: so here's an example of fairness related
Caption: harms uh allocation so for example if a
Caption: gender or ethnicity is favored one over
Caption: another
Caption: um an example of this was an
Caption: experimental hiring tool developed by a
Caption: large corporation to screen candidates
Caption: now they were aware that there was a
Caption: large number of one gender over another
Caption: in their workplace and they assumed that
Caption: the
Caption: the first line interviews being done by
Caption: humans were introducing that bias and so
Caption: it would be better to take those out of
Caption: the loop and have it all all the cvs
Caption: scanned by a machine and it could spit
Caption: out which was the better candidate
Caption: however they trained those models
Caption: on the previously successful and
Caption: unsuccessful cvs
Caption: and the machine learning model assumed
Caption: that it was particular words that were
Caption: that were the success factor or the or
Caption: the failure factor rather than uh
Caption: judging on qualifications experience and
Caption: everything else that was expected
Caption: another example of the fairness related
Caption: harm is quality of service if you train
Caption: the data for one specific scenario but
Caption: the reality is much more complex and you
Caption: have not taken that into consideration
Caption: it leads to poor performing service a
Caption: notorious example was an automated hands
Caption: of this
Caption: handheld dispenser that could not seem
Caption: to be able to sense people with dust
Caption: skin
Caption: so it's really important that you don't
Caption: just use white men in your data set
Caption: there are other people in the world
Caption: women and children are generally smaller
Caption: and lighter
Caption: there is a range of skin colors accents
Caption: abilities and although it's super easy
Caption: to make that first test on your internal
Caption: team if you aren't seeing a lot of
Caption: diversity in them then that data set
Caption: will not be truly representative and it
Caption: might lead to bad results sometimes even
Caption: deaths
Caption: like with the the airbags when those
Caption: were initially invented those were
Caption: tested by the men that were building the
Caption: cars and the airbags
Caption: and
Caption: when that went live into the real world
Caption: a lot of children and women died in
Caption: those first car crashes because the the
Caption: force which the bag um
Caption: explodes at was too much for their
Caption: slider frames
Caption: so you see bias in many data sets comes
Caption: from might come from unbalanced data or
Caption: lack of retraining on those features
Caption: machine learning models can only be
Caption: debugged and audited when they can be
Caption: interpreted
Caption: so even in low-risk environments such as
Caption: movie recommendations
Caption: the ability to interpret is valuable in
Caption: research and development as well as
Caption: after deployment
Caption: see i always
Caption: we always start laughing in that book
Caption: because i know that i'm furious
Caption: because
Caption: that should be an easy one my
Caption: my movie streaming provider of choice
Caption: should know never to put jeremy clarkson
Caption: in my in my recommendations
Caption: and
Caption: i should i don't want to see any reality
Caption: tv shows there was no reason for it to
Caption: do that no highlight
Caption: [Music]
Caption: but
Caption: but you see how mad i get and it's just
Caption: about movies imagine it was something
Caption: that had actual impact on my life like
Caption: in a legal sense or a financial sense or
Caption: or a health sense
Caption: um
Caption: so an interpretation for an erroneous
Caption: prediction helps us to understand the
Caption: cause of the error and it delivers us a
Caption: direction to fix the system
Caption: so there are a lot of domains that would
Caption: benefit from these understandable models
Caption: health finance law and there are even
Caption: more that demand this interpretability
Caption: being able to audit the model for these
Caption: critical domains is very important
Caption: people need to believe that computers
Caption: are fair
Caption: people needs to believe computer first
Caption: and believe that things are fair
Caption: fairer fairer than us they're the human
Caption: fairer than the humans that designed
Caption: them
Caption: exactly
Caption: yeah we are very unfair on the bots
Caption: so
Caption: understanding the most important
Caption: features of a model gives us insights
Caption: into the inner workings and gives us
Caption: directions for improving the performance
Caption: and removing bias
Caption: why don't you show us how to create a
Caption: model jia and then we'll talk about the
Caption: features after that
Caption: sure
Caption: michelle so um before we actually go
Caption: into this interpretability
Caption: creation
Caption: of the model we need to have
Caption: the working model first so in this demo
Caption: i am creating a simple binary
Caption: classification
Caption: classification model using logistic
Caption: regressions using student hiring data
Caption: set
Caption: imagine that your boss telling you to
Caption: create a machine learning system to
Caption: screen out the student candidates based
Caption: on the historical hiring data for the
Caption: grad program
Caption: and it includes that github contribution
Caption: score that marks that uni number of
Caption: hackathons and number of volunteering
Caption: activities
Caption: the first thing that we need to do is to
Caption: install required packages including
Caption: interpretability community and rai
Caption: widgets
Caption: you can see that i am loading that
Caption: without any errors
Caption: now let's move on to loading the data
Caption: set so i load the data set using panda
Caption: library
Caption: using this library to separate features
Caption: and labels and also splitting data into
Caption: training set and test set
Caption: i think it's 30
Caption: uh
Caption: 30 70 sorry 730 using train test split
Caption: function from sklearn library you can
Caption: see the output which is gonna come in a
Caption: minute
Caption: he's not looking at us so our stamping
Caption: makes no difference okay i was dabbing
Caption: in the background because
Caption: i leave this awkward um blank moment
Caption: okay so you can see the output of when i
Caption: load the data set and there are four
Caption: features
Caption: one
Caption: label column at the end
Caption: and one is higher and zero is not hired
Caption: next now that we load the data set we
Caption: create a classification model which
Caption: makes the decision whether a student
Caption: candidate will be a good fit or not we
Caption: use logistic progression from scikit
Caption: learned and we see how the model perform
Caption: by
Caption: calculating different matches metrics
Caption: such as accuracy area under curve
Caption: positions recall and f-score now
Caption: honestly the moment that you see the
Caption: output it is not the best performing
Caption: model because the accuracy is only 60
Caption: i am still learning how to create the
Caption: model and play around with their hyper
Caption: parameters
Caption: but we will keep pushing on we use this
Caption: model for
Caption: creating the interpretability for for
Caption: the black box
Caption: because this is what we focus on this
Caption: session
Caption: i mean i wouldn't worry about the 60
Caption: because you know if we were really going
Caption: to use this model then we would find it
Caption: a lot more data and we would we would
Caption: work on yeah refining the feature
Caption: importance and stuff like that
Caption: a lot more i mean this is good for a
Caption: first run
Caption: absolutely
Caption: cool
Caption: so i think
Caption: that was it that was the demo for
Caption: creating the model yeah so we didn't
Caption: really introduce ourselves and here we
Caption: are well into our session
Caption: that's true michelle
Caption: so we're going to talk about features
Caption: global features and local features and
Caption: feature importance
Caption: i see that you put
Caption: the data set of me on the slides yeah
Caption: and there are some entries that are
Caption: missing there
Caption: ah okay the one in white would be the
Caption: features normally quantify as most
Caption: important in influencing the judgment or
Caption: prediction in a data set we call those
Caption: the global features so why don't you
Caption: tell us the data for those features
Caption: my name is gia gernaksu i am an
Caption: associate class solution architect and i
Caption: work at microsoft
Caption: and why do you think those features have
Caption: priority in the data set
Caption: that's what people want to know when
Caption: they first meet you
Caption: your name what you do who you do it for
Caption: people judge you based on those things
Caption: first and then they might want to
Caption: dive into other things like like my
Caption: weight nobody wants to know that
Caption: but you put but you put weight up on the
Caption: slide
Caption: it's an insignificant feature
Caption: okay michelle what about you in your
Caption: case um those things are not the most
Caption: important features exactly i always
Caption: thought i was a community advocate even
Caption: when i was working as a service delivery
Caption: manager because although sdn was the job
Caption: title i had it didn't describe who i was
Caption: and there is some data missing from your
Caption: data set too
Caption: yeah but it's not significant for
Caption: anything that i want to do with my life
Caption: if those features took on a higher
Caption: weight it would definitely reflect bias
Caption: in the data set i see so when different
Caption: features have different priority in the
Caption: particular instance from what is
Caption: globally perceived to be important we
Caption: call that local features important you
Caption: got it
Caption: yes
Caption: so global feature importance quantifies
Caption: the relative importance of each feature
Caption: in the test data set as a whole
Caption: and it provides a general comparison of
Caption: the extent to which each feature in the
Caption: data set influences prediction
Caption: for example a binary classification
Caption: model like the one i used just now to
Caption: predict if a candidate will be a good
Caption: high or not an explainer might then use
Caption: a sufficiently representative of the
Caption: test data set to produce global features
Caption: importance values it could then show
Caption: that the model was trained from features
Caption: such as qualification
Caption: experience previous tenure and skills to
Caption: predict a label of one for candidate
Caption: that are likely to be good hires and
Caption: zero for candidates that have
Caption: significant risk of failure in the role
Caption: and therefore should not be approved or
Caption: hired
Caption: so when we hire gia though a completely
Caption: different set of features weighed higher
Caption: in the process this was because gia was
Caption: hired under the graduate recruitment
Caption: scheme rather than the professional
Caption: pathway
Caption: so
Caption: we didn't expect her to be able to show
Caption: a long time yet in previous roles or
Caption: have experience working at microsoft
Caption: partners or have a multitude of
Caption: recommendations
Caption: in the grad higher route the the feature
Caption: with the highest importance is her
Caption: degree she needs to be a graduate or she
Caption: cannot qualify for that hiring rate her
Caption: awards volunteering experience and
Caption: github portfolio might be heavily
Caption: weighted features as well
Caption: and this is what we call local feature
Caption: importance in the overall data set these
Caption: things do not have the highest rating
Caption: but in a run looking at grad hires these
Caption: features are given more weight well i
Caption: should say specifically in gia's case
Caption: these were the features that held the
Caption: most weight
Caption: so you can apply the interpretability
Caption: classes and methods to understand the
Caption: model's global behavior or specific
Caption: predictions
Caption: the formula is called
Caption: global explanation and the letter is
Caption: called
Caption: local explanation
Caption: the methods can also be categorized
Caption: based on whether the model is
Caption: whether the method is model agnostic or
Caption: model specific so some methods target
Caption: certain types of models for example
Caption: shap's tree explainer
Caption: tree explainer
Caption: and
Caption: it only applies to tree-based models and
Caption: some methods that
Caption: treat the model as a black box such as
Caption: the mimik explainer or shaps kernel
Caption: explainer why don't you show them gia
Caption: sure michelle bring it on
Caption: all right so it's easy to
Caption: create
Caption: the explainer for
Caption: the model we used the interpretability
Caption: library that we installed earlier
Caption: and if the demo is going to run it is
Caption: running cool so the explainer will
Caption: calculate the features importance for us
Caption: which enable us to quantify the relative
Caption: influence each feature has in predicting
Caption: whether a student candidate will be a
Caption: good fit to the role or not we will use
Caption: a tableau explainer which is a black box
Caption: explainer and the cool thing about this
Caption: is that tableau explainer look up the
Caption: type of the prediction model and it will
Caption: decide for us what is the appropriate
Caption: explainer
Caption: now
Caption: the output will come in a minute
Caption: once i run this code
Caption: are you capturing me
Caption: okay you cannot see me dapping but i am
Caption: dapping
Caption: while i'm waiting for my output to come
Caption: up
Caption: so okay the output it will show the um
Caption: it will show that the tableau explainer
Caption: called linear explainer there you go
Caption: remember that we were using logistic
Caption: regression model for our prediction
Caption: and
Caption: linear explainer is actually the
Caption: appropriate
Caption: explainer for the logistic regression
Caption: now once we have initiated the explainer
Caption: we want to try to explain the model by
Caption: evaluating
Caption: the overall features importance of what
Caption: we also call global features importance
Caption: this means that it look at the whole
Caption: data set and we call explain underscore
Caption: global method on the explainer we create
Caption: it then we'll use get underscore feature
Caption: underscore importance dictionary to get
Caption: result from importance values
Caption: and the features is ranked with the most
Caption: important feature listed first now you
Caption: can see the output here is that
Caption: hackathon comes first and then it's the
Caption: mark at the university and then the
Caption: github project and then volunteering
Caption: activities
Caption: now
Caption: once we have the overall view of the
Caption: global feature goal of importance
Caption: what about the explaining individual
Caption: observation this is where we need local
Caption: features importance it measures the
Caption: influence of the feature
Caption: for a specific individual prediction in
Caption: other words it's only look at one single
Caption: candidate so to get the local features
Caption: importance we call explain and discuss
Caption: local method and specifying the subset
Caption: of the case that we want to explain in
Caption: this case i just want to look at the
Caption: first candidate and then we also call
Caption: right get rank
Caption: local names and then get ranked local
Caption: values to get the feature names and
Caption: importance values for these local
Caption: features importance now let's look at
Caption: the output there's a lot of things going
Caption: on there since this is a binary
Caption: classification model they're only two
Caption: possible classes hired and not hide
Caption: right each feature support for one class
Caption: results in correlatively negative level
Caption: of support for the other for this
Caption: candidate let's say this this is gia
Caption: idea overall support for class zero
Caption: which is not high is minus 0.95
Caption: and the support for class 1 higher is
Caption: correspondingly 0.95 so support for
Caption: class 1 is actually higher than support
Caption: for class 0.
Caption: this means that gia is a good
Caption: candidate for will be good fit to the
Caption: role
Caption: so the most important feature is for the
Caption: prediction of class one is the number of
Caption: hackathons that she participated in
Caption: followed by github score
Caption: and remember these are quite different
Caption: than the global features importance
Caption: value
Caption: it could
Caption: in the global features importance value
Caption: um it was hackathon and then followed by
Caption: marx at university um but there might be
Caption: multiple reasons why
Caption: local features importance and global
Caption: features importance value differ um it
Caption: might
Caption: means that dear might have a lower marks
Caption: than the average compared to other
Caption: students but she's a good fit because
Caption: company cares about her hands-on
Caption: experience with hackathons and
Caption: contribution to the github project
Caption: and
Caption: there we have it michelle
Caption: good it's easier right to create an
Caption: explainer
Caption: so
Caption: earlier i was talking about the computer
Caption: in the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
Caption: and how it created a mimic model with a
Caption: pfi explainer to interpret what the
Caption: questions was
Caption: this technique can be compared to a
Caption: child learning to annoy their parents
Caption: so the child starts with no
Caption: preconceptions as to what makes their
Caption: parent angry
Caption: and then they can test their parents by
Caption: picking a random set of actions over the
Caption: course of a week and noting how their
Caption: parent responds to those actions
Caption: so while a parent may exhibit a
Caption: non-binary response for each of these
Caption: let's pretend that the child's actions
Caption: are either bad or good to classes
Caption: and so after the first week the child
Caption: has learned quite a bit about what
Caption: bothers their parents and makes an
Caption: educated guess as to what they what
Caption: would what else would bother their
Caption: parents so in the next week their child
Caption: doubles down on those actions that was
Caption: that were annoying and takes even more
Caption: that it thinks will um you know really
Caption: push its parents over the edge testing
Caption: the boundary
Caption: exactly it so the child repeats this
Caption: each week noting their parents responses
Caption: and adjusting their understanding of
Caption: what will bother their parents until
Caption: they know exactly what annoys them and
Caption: what doesn't
Caption: the augmented data is labeled by the
Caption: black box model and used to train a
Caption: better substitute model so just like
Caption: with the child the substitute model gets
Caption: a more precise understanding as to where
Caption: the black boxes models decision
Caption: boundaries are and after a few
Caption: iterations of this the substitute model
Caption: shares almost exactly the same decision
Caption: boundaries at the as the black box model
Caption: so it would help if we visualize the
Caption: result from our explanation
Caption: remember that local features important
Caption: split out a lot of things in the jupyter
Caption: notebook cell
Caption: reading from the result from that cell
Caption: can be difficult and we can have a
Caption: simpler way to
Caption: visualize the explainer by using the
Caption: responsible ai widgets this package will
Caption: provide a collections of model and data
Caption: explorations and assessment in a nice
Caption: user interface way that enable a better
Caption: understanding of the ai and ml systems
Caption: we call the explanation dashboard on our
Caption: previously defined global explainer and
Caption: prediction model
Caption: remember it was the logistic regression
Caption: and then we will see that that's what
Caption: pops up there you go the dashboard is
Caption: there and um
Caption: if this is too small which is too small
Caption: for me i follow the generated link on my
Caption: compute instance
Caption: that is being hosted on azure
Caption: to see a fuller dashboard
Caption: now if you go to the third tab aggregate
Caption: feature importance
Caption: that will give you the interface for
Caption: interactive visualization of the global
Caption: features importance and if you go to the
Caption: last tab individual features importance
Caption: and what if
Caption: it will give you the visualization of
Caption: the local features important and click
Caption: if you click on the individual data
Caption: points
Caption: you can see how the
Caption: explainer results change
Caption: you can play around with it
Caption: and you can play around with these
Caption: visualizations however you like the
Caption: dashboard will give you so much
Caption: flexibility
Caption: that helps enhance the understanding of
Caption: the motto and the credibility
Caption: and that's it michelle visualizing the
Caption: results
Caption: yep once you keep going seems to be
Caption: still going to yeah yeah they're still
Caption: going there's so much there's so much to
Caption: show right
Caption: so earlier i was speaking about the
Caption: computer in the hitchhiker's guide to
Caption: the galaxy and now it created a mimic
Caption: model with a pfi explainer to interpret
Caption: what the question was wait
Caption: oh
Caption: sorry i've already done that
Caption: i feel like you know you have a sense of
Caption: deja vu here we go
Caption: so it's become quite common in these
Caption: days to hear people refer to modern
Caption: machine learning systems as black boxes
Caption: but in many cases they are not it just
Caption: seems like they are because they are
Caption: like people complicated
Caption: so when we ask someone why they did
Caption: something we're operating on a certain
Caption: set of assumptions we're typically
Caption: assuming that they had some good reason
Caption: for acting as they did and we are
Caption: basically asking for the reasoning
Caption: process that they use to make that
Caption: decision
Caption: however when we're asking why something
Caption: went wrong we are instead asking for
Caption: some kind of root cause analysis of the
Caption: failure for example after a bike
Caption: accident we might want an explanation of
Caption: what caused the accident was gia
Caption: distracted did another rider swerve into
Caption: her was she drunk
Caption: no i was not
Caption: rather than a process of reasoning we're
Caption: asking more or less for the critical
Caption: stimulus that caused this particular
Caption: reaction outside of normal behavior i
Caption: thought that was normal there's a
Caption: separate scale for you
Caption: so with machine learning models you can
Caption: choose to elevate certain features above
Caption: others salary and existing debt in a
Caption: lane approval tool for example or
Caption: certain features might rise to
Caption: prominence through training i've been
Caption: training the azure percept lego car to
Caption: avoid cones
Caption: but i haven't trained it to avoid lego
Caption: people
Caption: so it would definitely just mow those
Caption: people down
Caption: unless it mistook them for keynes
Caption: but why did it mow down the people
Caption: it wasn't a decision that the percept
Caption: car made
Caption: that you know lego people are more evil
Caption: than cones
Caption: because obviously they are more evil
Caption: than canes
Caption: it's simply that it doesn't recognize
Caption: lego people as anything as anything
Caption: valuable at all
Caption: um
Caption: so
Caption: the purpose of this session was to show
Caption: you that despite
Caption: the fact that one at least in part
Caption: created the other
Caption: we're not so different machine learning
Caption: models can be interpreted and there are
Caption: many models and many ways to gain
Caption: insight into what they're doing
Caption: possibly more than we have to tackle
Caption: humanity as individual decision makers
Caption: so michelle what's next
Caption: so we have a whole bunch of
Caption: learning paths here this is the one that
Caption: gia and i followed any in order to
Caption: understand
Caption: the black box models and explain the
Caption: models so if you want to do what we have
Caption: done follow this one here
Caption: um there's also like a bunch of free
Caption: learning resources on microsoft learn if
Caption: you want to know how to be a data
Caption: scientist a data engineer
Caption: an ai engineer a business analyst
Caption: uh
Caption: i cannot
Caption: cannot even remember all of many all of
Caption: the learning paths that there are there
Caption: there's really a lot there is something
Caption: for everyone so check those out on
Caption: microsoft learn those are all free and a
Caption: lot of them lead to certifications which
Caption: are the part you need to pay for but
Caption: it's only like 100 and if you're a
Caption: student it's only 15
Caption: and there's also a bunch of learning
Caption: that has been created by the azure cloud
Caption: advocates
Caption: so if you want to learn about machine
Caption: learning we also followed this one for
Caption: this course
Caption: and there is a iot one
Caption: there is a web programming one webdav
Caption: for beginners
Caption: which i need to i need to do that one as
Caption: well because my
Caption: my coding is not as good as it could be
Caption: oh we can only improve on it yeah
Caption: and if you would like to join the
Caption: community then that would be really
Caption: awesome uh you will get
Caption: access to more webinars more free
Caption: training uh more interesting events that
Caption: you can come to
Caption: and potentially free swag
Caption: thanks for listening to us today
Caption: thank you
Caption: goodbye